how can there be such foolish people in the
world today we are going to talk about a man
that with 34 years old he dressed
Rabbit through the streets of Iraq or the USA
to scare the kids he dressed in
rabbit and began to point without moving
the children stayed like that
and so he devoted all the time of his
life day after day the neighbors saw how
this gentleman was dressed rabbit
pointing to their children and scaring the
Of course the children did not understand what that was
if it really was a giant rabbit yes
who wanted them in order because of this
the neighbors decided to present a
denounce this man disguised as
rabbit so the local police
He issued an order for this
man will stop dressing rabbit like that
that today this man can no longer
occupy your time in dressing up a
rabbit 24 hours you can see in the
photo the man that is William
fall qinghai a citizen of old falls
in the USA and good as I said
walking the streets of his town
every day until the neighbors
they decided to report it
certainly a story somewhat
humorous and at the same time somewhat rare
how is it possible for a person with his
34 years old already completed follow
disguising themselves as animals to scare
children this man I do not know if he had
work certainly does not seem to
had you can see you can see in the photo
the strange appearance of this person
It has a somewhat strange face and what
I'm more afraid and I hope it's not like that
that this man was really a
pedophile or have some kind of interest
with the kids because he kept being
beside them incriminating them and
pointing to them is not very strange that a
person devote all day to do that
or is a pedophile or is a little bad of the
head no doubt
finally a strange news of a
person who for whatever reason is
disguising every day of rabbit
scare as many children and
possible girls